README.md, before:

# Syncrypt GUI

This is a platform independent GUI for the [Syncrypt
client](https://github.com/syncrypt/client). Based on
[electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin).

This is currently in development and not suited for production yet.

## Install

Clone this repository and run:

```bash
$ npm install
```

Also, install the Syncrypt CLI client.

## Run

Run this to start Syncrypt GUI:

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

Simultaneously start the Syncrypt daemon:

```bash
$ syncrypt_daemon
```

## Package

```bash
$ npm run package
```

To package apps for all platforms:

```bash
$ npm run package-all
```

#### Options

- --name, -n: Application name (default: ElectronReact)
- --version, -v: Electron version (default: latest version)
- --asar, -a: [asar](https://github.com/atom/asar) support (default: false)
- --icon, -i: Application icon
- --all: pack for all platforms

Use `electron-packager` to pack your app with `--all` options for darwin (osx), linux and win32 (windows) platform. After build, you will find them in `release` folder. Otherwise, you will only find one for your os.

`test`, `tools`, `release` folder and devDependencies in `package.json` will be ignored by default.

#### Default Ignore modules

We add some module's `peerDependencies` to ignore option as default for application size reduction.

- `babel-core` is required by `babel-loader` and its size is ~19 MB
- `node-libs-browser` is required by `webpack` and its size is ~3MB.

> **Note:** If you want to use any above modules in runtime, for example: `require('babel/register')`, you should move them from `devDependencies` to `dependencies`.

#### Building windows apps from non-windows platforms

Please checkout [Building windows apps from non-windows platforms](https://github.com/maxogden/electron-packager#building-windows-apps-from-non-windows-platforms).

Commit message:

Change license to GPLv3, just like syncrypt client

README.md, after:

# Syncrypt GUI

This is a platform independent GUI for the [Syncrypt
client](https://github.com/syncrypt/client). Based on
[electron-react-boilerplate](https://github.com/chentsulin).

Syncrypt is a fully encrypted file storage service for groups and private
backups.

The source code for this desktop client is released under the GNU General Public
License Version 3. For more information have a look at the `LICENSE` file in this
directory. Additional information on the GNU GPLv3 can be found here:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/quick-guide-gplv3.html

## Install

Clone this repository and run:

```bash
$ npm install
```

Also, install the Syncrypt CLI client.

## Run

Run this to start Syncrypt GUI:

```bash
$ npm run dev
```

Simultaneously start the Syncrypt daemon:

```bash
$ syncrypt_daemon
```

## Package

```bash
$ npm run package
```

To package apps for all platforms:

```bash
$ npm run package-all
```

#### Options

- --name, -n: Application name (default: ElectronReact)
- --version, -v: Electron version (default: latest version)
- --asar, -a: [asar](https://github.com/atom/asar) support (default: false)
- --icon, -i: Application icon
- --all: pack for all platforms

Use `electron-packager` to pack your app with `--all` options for darwin (osx), linux and win32 (windows) platform. After build, you will find them in `release` folder. Otherwise, you will only find one for your os.

`test`, `tools`, `release` folder and devDependencies in `package.json` will be ignored by default.

#### Default Ignore modules

We add some module's `peerDependencies` to ignore option as default for application size reduction.

- `babel-core` is required by `babel-loader` and its size is ~19 MB
- `node-libs-browser` is required by `webpack` and its size is ~3MB.

> **Note:** If you want to use any above modules in runtime, for example: `require('babel/register')`, you should move them from `devDependencies` to `dependencies`.

#### Building windows apps from non-windows platforms

Please checkout [Building windows apps from non-windows platforms](https://github.com/maxogden/electron-packager#building-windows-apps-from-non-windows-platforms).
